Computing is considered an essential twenty first century skills. It is no wonder, then, that there is hardly any university, college, school, or vocational institute that doesn't offer computing education. At the same time, the ages old industry-academia divide refuses to go away, with the IT sector constantly complaining about the lack of desired attributes in computing graduates.
They say that those who can, do, and those who can't teach. This may certainly be true for me, but teaching is a profession that requires multi-dimensional skills, dedication, and hard work. 
Some instructors are naturally gifted, but others, like me, require role models, best practices, and guidance. There's a huge body of knowledge on education in general, and computing education in particular. Many practitioners contribute to this through scholarship of education. As such, there are many venues for peer-reviewed scholarly articles on computing education. Professors at Durham University in the UK started a conference on Computing Education Practice, that showcases scholarly work on computing education where the emphasis is not on creating proceedings, but rather on creating a community for knowledge-sharing. Accordingly, work presented at computing education practice does not have as stringent a set of requirements as a journal on education might have. 
Dr. Waqar from the University of Glasgow has been working with some like-minded university instructors in Pakistan for several years now, for the improvement of computing education in Pakistan. He pitched the idea of replicating computing education practice in Pakistan this year. That idea is what has brought us all together day. With a small organizing committee comprising Dr. Waqar, Dr. Junaid, and yours truly, we moved quickly to organize this even with a select group of invited speakers who can share their excellence with us today. The other two deserve real credit for the work. I just prompted Claude to create a website for the event, put it on GitHub.com, and requested the use of this room for the event. 
I want to sincerely thank all the speakers and panelists for agreeing to share their experiences with us today. I want to sincerely thank you, the audience, as well, for without you, this event would be meaningless. Our hope is that today, we form a community in Pakistan that will strive for improvement of computing education at all levels.
With that, I'd like to request the first speaker, Dr. Ethel, who is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Science Education at San José State University and a member of the ACM SIGCSE Board, to share with us her experiences on broadening participation in computing education in Botswana.

Thank you Dr. Ethel. Now, I'd like to call Sarfraz Raza to share some of his experiences with us. Sarfraz has several years of experience teaching computer science to students at various levels, including those in primary school. 

Thank you Sarfraz. Now, I'd like to request Dr. Hamad Alizai, who is the Department Chair of Computer Science at LUMS, and Director of the LUMS Learning Institute, to share his experiences and ideas on scaling computer science education. 

Thank you Dr. Hamad. Now, I'd like to invite the in-person audience for a 15 minutes tea break. We'll start the next session at 11:30 am.

Welcome back. Traditionally, nearly all of computer science graduates from LUMS have gone abroad for higher studies. We continue to do great at that. But a little while ago, we decided to provide additional armor to our students for greater success in the industry as well. Dr. Mobin and Dr. Maryam led that initiative. I'd like to now invite Dr. Mobin Javed, who is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at LUMS to share insights from that experience with the audience.

Thank you, Dr. Mobin. Continuing on the theme of industry success, now, I'd like to invite Dr. Mathew Barr, who is a Senior Lecturer at the University of Glasgow, to share with us insights on designing a work-based learning degree.


Thank you, Dr. Mathew. Now, we have an outstanding panel of experts to share their thoughts on computing education in the era of AI. I request Rabia Sirhindi, Content Architect, Lead at Educative to take the stage and moderate the panel.